with so much at stake it's a relief when
Mark gets concrete evidence that the
mother can provide for her cub from the
wild population of mark or her pay
weighs as much as she does and dragging
it up a slope as steep as this must take
enormous effort it's imperative she gets
the carcass back to hurt then so that
her cub can feed undisturbed by
scavengers but a single mark or won't
feed the pair for long within a couple
of days she'll need to hunt again over
the next few weeks mark and Nyssa spend
long periods with the mother and cub and
start to build a detailed visual record
of Snow Leopard family life
by capturing the pair on film mark and
Nisa have started to bring the snow
leopard from the realm of myth into the
land of the living
just as the crew are starting to realize
how challenging it is for a leopard to
survive in this terrain filming is cut
short by a catastrophe one that shows
how precarious all life is in these
mountains I was actually starting to
enjoy being here with the crew and and
seeing the leopard hogs on had one of
its largest earthquakes ever in the
mountain areas close to a hundred
thousand people died in that the
suffering and the kind of horror was
beyond belief we lost a whole generation
of children
I mean approximately 40,000 kids died
because this earthquake struck in the
morning and schools are just started I
mean you know I've got children and I've
seen children being pulled out of rubble
and stuff like that and it was horrific
that it had to be responded to and
people like myself or anyone who had any
expertise had to respond to that
calamity
with his unrivaled knowledge of these
remote regions Nisar is ideally
qualified to lead a team of mountain
survival experts and deliver aid
directly to those most in need
every winter is hard for mountain people
but the earthquake had deprived them of
even the basic amenities they needed to
survive filming the Snow Leopard have
been a high point of my life responding
to people in need and they are my people
I mean how could you ignore that
you